enjoying the art
the face is about enjoying or reading a
work of art is to make sense of it.
we have the red color of a work
figurative form in the same way as the
People see the color of a traffic sign
a traffic light that flashes in the
street in front of the colors of the
our reading is linked to a
only possibility of interpretation
red stop yellow wait green follow
the interpretation is unique
at that time we deal with codes
which are closed signs signs
because the man has assigned a
single meaning to better organize
life
now before the body element in the work
of art opens up the possibility of
multiplicity of readings
interpretations
at this moment you find connoisseur
of work of art makes a reading
structured in open codes different
of a traffic light whose
qualification or interpretation of such
codes become infinite in this way
varying from person to person
are these codes of the work of art that
will influence the face of each
when you watch a movie
I heard a song is impossible.
interpret them unrelated to their
life history and the moment in which
you live the aesthetic experience of
music movie enjoyment
the work of art is seen in accordance with
your personal and cultural references
to appreciate a work of art together with
other people will surely each give
a different meaning
because as we have already said, we appreciate
a work of art considering all the
our life experience
our feelings our individuality
so we can say that taste is relative
will depend on the eye of the beholder